Why are we waiting in line for food?
It's a pop-up. It's a rare, pop-up restaurant thing
that only enters our solar system... Rick.
You're gonna spoil your appetite.
That's a weird way to say I'm gonna stop being hungry
by eating food, but whatever.
Three crispy, uh, four wiggling.
You're probably not even hungry.
You just don't like lines because they aren't about you.
Another weirdly aggressive way
to describe a friend respecting themselves.
- Eugh! - What a wonderful thing to say!
Ha ha! I was merely inspired by the wonderful thing you said!
Sirs? Guys? You dropped this.
Please, take it as a reward. So courteous!
How nice it will be for you to eat
what you were willing to stand in line for so much sooner.
Oh, no, that's okay.
I came to stand in line and then eat.
I-I wouldn't wanna do it differently.
Hmm...
Dear fellow, I choose this moment
to surrender my sword so that you may succeed me
as the newest Knight of the Sun.
What? No. I-I-I didn't even want your sandwich.
I don't want your sword.
Oh, believe me, son. You want it.
I don't understand. You're knights? With a "K"?
Of the Sun with a "U" or... or an "O"?
Your alphabet is of no concern here.
We are sworn defenders of Helios,
the center of this system.
Okay, so it's "Sun" with a "U."
Oh, God. Morty, don't take the sword.
Oh, I'm shocked you're against something, Rick.
- You know these guys? - I know how they're dressed
and how boring this sounds.
You take that sword,
you're gonna get sucked into a whole complicated...
Oh, shit!
- Come on, take it. - Uh...
I mean, if that kid's not gonna take the sword...
He didn't offer it to you.
Sorry. Can I just ask some stuff?
W-What does a Knight of the Sun do?
He takes the sword, for one thing.
You know what? Maybe you made a bad call.
- He... He doesn't want the sword. - I didn't say that.
Well, you sure aren't taking it.
Would you just take a random...
Obviously I would, yes! And I did!
Best decision of my life! And you're shitting on it!
Excuse me? Is this just a free sword?
- No! - I'm taking the sword.
Thank you, Dawnling. What is your name?
- Morty. - Now it is Sir Mortaniel.
I made it a little knightier.
Good day.
Wait, did he just...
God damn it, Morty! You took the sword?
- So boring! - Oh, like you're not at this point?
You drunk cranky fuck!
Ouch.
You guys still gonna stand in line?
Y-You're not gonna take this food?
The pop-up pays us to stand here.
- To drive up business. - Knew it.
Everyone! Sir Helios' successor, Sir Mortaniel!
♪ Sir Mortaniel, face so bright ♪
♪ Serves the Sun with strength and might ♪
♪ Sir Mortaniel, come and see ♪
♪ Just what the Sun provides for thee ♪
Wow, my... my own song!
Now you know why Sir Helios had to change your name
to something with three syllables.
Welcome, Dawnling, to the Sun!
So it is the Sun, like Earth's sun?
Ah-ha, he's heard of us!
How come I'm not, like, burning to a crisp?
You are currently protected by our powers,
but soon they will be yours.
Our flesh is indestructible!
Our lives are never-ending,
but not even in the dumb vampire way
where after a while you hate it and you can't die.
We can die whenever we want.
We just don't have to.
But you're not allowed to leave, right?
L-Like, I'll... I'll... I'll never see my family again?
We leave constantly!
I met you on an asteroid.
Oh, yeah. Between us, that wasn't a deal breaker,
but it's even better that there's options.
You'll have more freedom than you've ever known.
Our king.
The Sun is the center of the solar system.
It is the home of the solar Scepter,
around which all worlds revolve.
The men who keep it safe are admired by all and live as gods.
- Any more questions? - Uh, yeah, where do I sign?
Huzzah.
Well, that does it.
Off to the parapet to make this official.
Yeah, let's do this.
Now just cut off your penises and throw them into the Sun.
Oooooooookey-dokey.
I see Mortaniel wants to go first.
Uh, not true.
Do I just leave the sword wherever?
- I-Is there a sword bin? - What are you saying?
- You don't want to cut off... - Listen, guys, c-can we not...
It's a terrific and painful sacrifice we all make
for the most important and powerful job in the universe.
We've done it since the dawn of dawns.
Yep. There it is in stained glass.
It's official. A-And I'm not judging it.
And I'm not doing it.
People really live here? This is nuts.
- I thought it was a metaphor. - We have to go.
Ah. Boy. They're not messing around, huh?
How are you not burning?
Oh, it's just science, which, unless I'm misinterpreting,
is clearly not a priority here.
Okay, c'mon, lil' June bug.
I-I won't rub your face in this one.
I-I'm guessing you're feeling pretty stupid.
Yes. Thank you.
Sir Helios gave his life with that sword.
Mortaniel took it.
He cannot leave unless he bests me in combat.
Hmm. Okay, uh, one sec.
I'm guessing these guys are, like, pseudo-immortalish
since they live on the Sun, so playing by their rules
might be the fastest way out of this.
J-Just best him in combat.
- What? - Here.
This sword uses A.I. to learn from an opponent's attacks.
So I have to get attacked first?
No, no, no, the sword has already seen "Blade."
And loved it. You'll be fine.
- By golly! - Ooh! Crikey!
Okay, so we're done here.
No. We're not done.
I am done.
You are now king of the Sun.
Protect the Scepter always.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to!
Well, how is that supposed to work?
He's king, but he was never even a knight.
- I mean, that's stupid. - Uh, it's... it's definitely a... Sun first.
- A king with a penis? - Well, what do you want from me?!
All hail King Mortaniel!
Uhhhhh, as your king,
I hereby declare a vacation, for me.
I'll come visit you guys, on, like, Sun Day...
Sundays.
If I forget, just wait a week.
Keep doing that, keep the crown. Peace.
Hell yeah. See? That's from when he's fighting Deacon Frost.
I don't know. Um, I-I thought it was cool.
Okay. So...
So? Oh. So, you dragged me to a fake restaurant,
yelled at me for not doing what you wanted,
then did something I told you not to,
and it almost cost you your pud, but I saved your life,
and now you're waiting for me to make you feel like shit about it.
That's... Yeah, you nailed it.
Morty, I'm sorry I let your opinion of me get this low.
- All right, I get it. - There's nothing to get.
I'm for real. Look, I'm a drunk, I'm a psychopath,
I'm a murderer, but...
- when you called me boring... - I shouldn't have.
... I needed to hear it.
And you took the stupid sword, and I was like, "Holy crap,
this is who I am to this kid?
He just does the opposite of my advice now.
I mean, I-I gotta fix that."
So I'm gonna be, like, 22% more agreeable with you
for, like, maybe one episode, or one adventure.
- We'll see how it goes. - Is 22% a lot?
Well, I-I'm not gonna tell you
what percentage of our time together I'm usually mean to you
because it'll hurt your stupid feelings,
but 22% is substantial.
You're gonna feel the difference.
Okay. I mean, I-I appreciate it.
You should, because you made a real mess with these guys.
- Oh, man! - Sire.
- You can't leave. - Go away!
My king, it is our duty to follow you
till the sun sets on our watch.
I mean, it set yesterday, so you're done. Bye.
Sire, the sun never sets on the Sun.
Can you get rid of them?
You want me to...
Well... You guys know he can kill you, right?
I think he'd find that quite difficult, sire,
but if it pleases you.
Can't I just tell you it pleases me for you to go away?
No. Not really.
So you'd rather die than leave me alone?
Yes.
♪ A pheasant plucked for my good king ♪
♪ A merry jig, sweet songbirds sing ♪
These guys live on our sun? I've never heard of them.
I don't see them doing a lot to earn interplanetary fame.
I beg your pardon, wizard.
The Knights of the Sun protect the solar Scepter...
around which even this world turns.
You do mean that, like, symbolically, right?
Oh, quite literally.
The Scepter is the center of the solar system.
All planets orbit it. We keep it on the Sun
so that Jupiter and Saturn don't bump into each other.
- Omigod. - They don't even know sixth grade science.
That's it!
- _ - Yeah, so there you have it.
Traditions suck ass,
and your most foundational beliefs are total bullshit.
We're supposed to take your word for it?
Anyone can draw circles on a board and spout numbers.
Yes, this sounds like a fun theory, sire,
but it would take more than this for us to give up...
Okay, so how do you guys think it works again?
- Well, the Scepter... - Oh, you mean this old thing?
- Gaaah! - You want it?
Here. Take it back home.
It's a symbol. It's your culture.
That's not the same as reality.
Does this mean we cut off our penises
for absolutely no reason?
That's the bad news.
The good news is, you're free.
- Ooh, that stings. - Fuck this knights shit.
A query?
I just used your "computer phone" to search "despair."
- Where can I get this heroin? - I'm not telling you that.
No matter. I'm seeing from most of your song lyrics
that I can get it anywhere.
Um, you guys, someone just used critical thinking and basic physics
to destroy their first entire religion.
- Nice. - Good job, Morty.
- So no more sun-tourage? - Yep. All done.
Plus, Rick and I both learned to support each other better.
So that's it. We're done.
Feels early, but w-we're done.
What's happening?
Appliances are breaking that I haven't touched.
Maybe the sun is... celebrating?
Ha ha ha ha! The Sons of the Moon are storming the walkway.
Doesn't matter.
Their aggression will be kept in check
by a host of interplanetary treaties and alliances.
It's very complicated,
but as long as The Knights of the Sun stand together,
the solar system will always have complete political stability.
Where are the Knights of the Sun, by the way?
I'm done pooping.
Hmm?
Did the, uh, Knights of the Sun... disband?
While I was pooping?
Sunnnn-kward.
_
How many planets in our solar system have these clowns?
I guess if the sun can support life, any planet can.
I mean, maybe we all descended from a common ancestor.
Haven't you seen, like, all of the universes?
Exactly. So why would I hang out on Pluto?
That's some Jerry-league shit.
If the Sons of the Moon can attack the sun,
why should the Viscounts of Venus continue sitting
- in Saturn's shadow? - How's this for a reason?
We got all the rings and all the balls.
- Oh, fuck you. - Really?
If the Saturno Venusian détente is no longer honored,
I declare you all moons of Jupiter.
Because that's what you are to us! A bunch of moons!
Do the Knights of the Sun plan to protect Mercury from this chaos?
Because if we're on our own,
there's a new, very tiny sun in town.
It's all you, pal.
Um, hello?
Don't I have, like, authority over this Sons of the Moon meeting?
That all depends. Who the hell are you?
This guy's the king of the Sun.
- Holy shit. - When did this happen?
Ha! Then tell your knights to do their jobs.
Yes, Your Majesty.
We all know the Sun's power lives
and dies with your knights.
- Who are you? - Who am... Who...
I am the Marquis of Mars!
And I declare war on all of you!
War on all of you!
Where are the Knights of the Sun when we need them most?
Funny you should ask, uh...
They're gone!
They've abandoned their duties.
I see it in the bones.
Damn, the bones nailed it.
Okay, so you have space ships and magic ladies?
Look, I'm not gonna read all the books.
What will it take to let this Sons of the Moon fiasco resolve itself?
Excuse me. How did you become king of the Sun?
You look like an Earthling.
- Santa? - Santa?
What the hell is that?
I'm the Earl of Earth, god damn it.
I agree with Earth on one thing...
Venus questions the legitimacy of this king's authority.
My people say I say aye.
I'm the king.
- I've got the Scepter right here. - What the fuck?
Yeah, yeah, I know you're freaking out
because it's not on the sun.
No, because whoever has it rules the solar system!
It's up for grabs! Get it!
After it!
Ahhhh!
Yes, yes. I have the Scepter.
Soon Jupiter will be the center
of our solar system's newest dark ages.
Fuck that. Mercury will now be the shining beacon of...
Time to throw it all against the wall.
I think you crushed it.
I mean, not just anybody can start Solar War One.
- Stop supporting me. - Can do.
_
Damn, who would have thought giving the Amish nukes
would threaten the solar system?
Maybe we should just jump universes.
I don't know, buddy.
Feels like we're kind of more about trying out commitment now, ya know?
Let's put our heads together.
Maybe there's something we haven't tried yet.
- Oh, here's an idea. Fuck you! - Hey!
Rick, I can't take it.
I admit I'm wrong, I screwed up.
You're killing me here yes-and'ing me to death.
What is this, "Vat of Acid" again?
Look, man, I'm sorry I've been such a dick in the past
that you think I'm doing a thing here.
I'm honestly just trying to do better by you.
Are you a robot?
- Morty! - A clone?
Morty, this family's got enough clones and robots in it.
Come on, Morty, stop asking what you're asking
and let's just get back to our crisis.
I'm sorry. It's just been a hard road with you, Rick.
Morty, I get that, but you can trust me
when I say I'm just trying to do right by you.
Okay, Rick. You're right. Maybe...
maybe I just need to round up some Knights.
If I disillusioned the old ones,
I'll just have to re-illusion them.
It shouldn't be that hard, right?
Cousins, we need to return to the walkway at once.
Why are you laughing? Did I say something funny?
Oh, Mortaniel.
The only person we bend the knee to these days
is that sweet Black Betty.
Yeah, man, all hail Mr. Brownstone.
And his doctor. Feelgood, that is.
They're talking about heroin, Morty. They like it.
- Obviously. - Obviously?!
Apparently living on the Sun
has turned our veins into triple-bonded carbon,
so try this tale on for size, Mortaniel...
we can't OD!
C'mon, you guys are a mess.
Well, they actually seem kinda awesome, Morty.
Lemme be your king.
I admit, I wanted what you once had...
brotherhood, tradition, stability, purpose.
I just... didn't want to cut my dick off for it.
Yeah, that's the point.
We were quick to follow this boy before,
without even forcing him to commit to our traditions.
And all he did was break our faith and our walkway.
And now this random fucking guy is here again
to tell us what to do?
No fucking way!
What if I cut off my dick?
But you'd be cutting it off for no reason.
Yeah, that's the point of tradition...
doing things for no reason,
but it'd be reason enough doing it for you guys.
Well, you do that, that would compete with heroin.
Cool, cool. Can I maybe get a minute?
Buddy, what's up?
Reaching some sad conclusions about your situation?
Yes, but that walkway needs those knights,
those knights need a king, and that king needs no dick.
Damn, Morty, you really are stepping up.
Now do you want me to help you
not have to cut your dick off, though?
- Yes, please. - Then I got you.
Uh, you really mean it, Rick?
Of course, buddy. I'll give you a fake dick
with three layers of fail-safes.
They'll never know the difference.
Shh, Morty. We're gonna make your dick so fake, buddy.
The signal! Sir, the Knights of the Sun are once more.
Hold fire. If this return to the Old Ways is true,
I'd be willing to return home and put an end to the bloodshed.
Sir? Shall we hold off on the antimatter hydrogen bombing?
Those crusty knights won't do the Sun much good
without their... Hoo!
Let's hear them out.
I, Lithdor, son of Thrifdor,
personally oversee the stumping of thy king's stem.
If his stem burns true,
peace will be restored between the spheres.
Yay!
Present the Shears of Stumping!
- Morty the Brave! - You got this, my king!
First things first.
Step through this machine
which checks for nanotechnological hologram dicks.
- What?! - War opened our eyes
to the wonders of new technologies.
Please, step through, my liege.
Whew!
Sorry, my lord,
but we're gonna need you to step through this second machine,
which checks for emergency clone dicks.
Oh, wow, you guys really embraced a lot of specific new tech, huh?
- Whoa, a sunspot! - What? Where?
Boy, is... is that a third detector I see, as well?
You'll find out after the second one.
We don't like to reveal them
until the previous detecting threshold has been crossed.
Right.
The third detector is going to scan for a prosthetic dick.
- Oh. Ha ha. Good. - Okay, well, go on through,
and, of course, by "prosthetic" we mean witchcraft dick.
- Shit. - Fuck!
I sense one.
The bones say he's still packin'.
Ha ha, can't get nothin' past the chicken bone lady.
J-Just testing her.
Stump. Thy. Stem.
Morty? Morty, don't answer out loud.
Can you hear me? It's Rick. I'm talking to you with my mind.
- Yeah, I can hear you. - You said that out loud.
- Don't speak. - Sorry. Sorry.
I uplinked a telepathic nano satellite
so we could hear each other's thoughts.
Carefully do everything I tell you
in the exact order I tell you to do it.
- Okay. - Grab the scissors.
Okay. Got the scissors.
Now... run!
- Oh, shit, shit! - Guards, seize them!
Run? You couldn't have just said that?!
You don't have to use telepathy anymore.
You can just ask your rhetorical questions out loud.
I don't understand, Rick.
Here's something that's easy to understand, buddy...
I'm proud of you for trying to solve your own shit.
Ugh, I didn't want to have to do this.
It's okay this time. We don't have any choice.
- I love you, Rick. - Love you, too, buddy.
Whoooooaaa!
And that's when King Morty and Rick
were left with no choice but to leap into the Sun.
Such shame he felt for what he'd done to our society,
sacrificing his dick wasn't enough...
He gave his entire body and wizard servant, as well.
And after a while, their sun-proof bones floated up to the top.
We even checked with a royal ladle to ensure it was real sun,
not just them hiding beneath in a vat of fake sun.
Such a violent death.
And finally when our grief could bear no more,
we decided to abolish our medieval act of stem stumping.
And we have King Morty the Molten to thank for that.
Morty the Molten!
King Morty the Molten!
See, Morty? Worked like a charm.
Aren't we risking it all coming back here?
Morty, we had to know. Plus the heat...
- It's good for my joints. - King Mortaniel?!
You're alive?!
Yeah, go tell everybody.
Your reward's gonna be cutting off your own dick.
Right. Point taken.
R.I.P. and cheerio.
Whew!
One crispy, one wriggling.
Coming right up. Three loozums.
- How 'bout ten years? In jail. - Huh?
Special Agent Mongo Bongo.
You're under arrest for illegal hot dog trafficking.
Oh!
_
Be free, my little babies. Ahh!
Huh.
Surprised they actually made it.
Kinda thought maybe some birds would swoop down...
Aaahhhhh! Aah!
I jinxed it. Aah!
Did you get any of that?